And the Lord spake unto Elvis, "Thou hast spoken against me Elvis, and
I curse thee to have thy blue suede shoes trod upon for all time..."

Some people tap their feet, some people snap their fingers, and some
people sway back and forth. I just sorta do 'em all together, I guess.

I ain't no saint, but I've tried never to do anything that would hurt
my family or offend God...

I figure all any kid needs is hope and the feeling he or she belongs. 

If I could do or say anything that would give some kid that feeling, 
I would believe I had contributed something to the world.

Don't criticize what you don't understand, son. 
You never walked in that man's shoes.

When I was a child, ladies and gentlemen, I was a dreamer. 

I read comic books, and I was the hero of the comic book. 

I saw movies, and I was the hero in the movie.

Every dream I ever dreamed has come true a hundred times...

I learned very early in life that: 'Without a song, the day would
never end; without a song, a man ain't got a friend; without a song,
the road would never bend - without a song.'

We do two shows a night for five weeks. A lotta times we'll go
upstairs and sing until daylight - gospel songs. We grew up with
it...It more or less puts your mind at ease.  It does mine.

I've never gotten over what they call stagefright. 
I go through it every show. 

It's a new crowd out there, it's a new audience, and they haven't seen
us before. So it's got to be like the first time we go on.

The first time that I appeared on stage, it scared me to death. I
really didn't know what all the yelling was about. I didn't realize
that my body was moving. It's a natural thing to me. So to the manager
backstage I said 'What'd I do? What'd I do?' And he said 'Whatever it
is, go back and do it again'.

Man, I was tame compared to what they do now.  Are you kidding? 
I didn't do anything but just jiggle.

A live concert to me is exciting because of all the electricity that
is generated in the crowd and on stage. 

It's my favorite part of the business - live concerts.

'Til we meet you again, may God bless you. Adios.

I didn't know what I wanted to do as a kid. But I used to pray to God
that I'd amount to something some day. I never dreamed that something
like this would happen.

It's a dream with a V8 engine.

Ain't nowhere else in the world where you can go from driving a truck
to driving a Cadillac overnight.

Just because you look good don't mean you feel good. 
Folks always look good in their coffins.

The most beautiful thing in the world to me 
is a baby lookin' as pretty as her mama.

It's not how much you have that people look up to you 
it's who you are.

I never believed that anything was a coincidence. 
There's a reason for everything that happens.

Dreams tells us that we've got to be smart enough to interpret.

When you let your head get too big it'll break your neck.

A person's eyes tell you more that their words.

I'm sort of getting tired of being Elvis Presley.

The image is one thing and the human being is another. 
It's very hard to live up to an image.

The world is more alive at night. It's like God ain't looking.

I don't believe that death is the end. Reincarnation's gotta be real -
it explains a lot about why people are the way they are.

You can't breathe or even to the bathroom without them knowin' about it. 
I never hated anything so much in my life as I have the army. It's an 
excellent experience. It lets you find out how other people think and live.

Gospel music is the purest thing there is on this earth

People who read sex into my music have dirty minds. 
I've always lived a straight, clean life. 
I don't set any kind of bad example.

My music appeals to teenagers because it's strongly emotional.  When
rock-n-roll dies out another type of emotional music is going to take
its place. Then I can sit on my back porch at Graceland and remember
the good ol' days.

I believe in the Bible. I believe that all good things come from God. 
I don't believe I'd sing the way I do if God hadn't wanted me to. 
My voice is God's will, not mine.

Music should be something that makes you gotta move inside and outside.

Music is like religion, when you experience them both it should move you.

Rock and Roll music... I don't think it'll ever die completely out 
because they're gonna have to get something mighty good to take its place.

My songs, it's a way of caressing people with my voice.

I like acting better than I do TV 
because if you goof in a movie you can go back and take it over.

Hollywood had lost sight of the basics. 
They're a lot of fancy talkers who like to pigeonhole you.

Only the only thing worse than watchin' a bad movie is bein' in one.

Talent is bein' able to sell what you're feeling.

I would like you to remember me and to help others to do the same. 
But I don't have the right to ask for a thing. 
So I'll just hint real loudly, alright?

Adversity is sometimes hard upon a man; but for one man who can stand
prosperity, there are a hundred that will stand adversity.

Every time I think that I'm getting old, 
and gradually going to the grave, 
something else happens.

I don't know anything about music. In my line you don't have to.

I don't want to read about some of these actresses who are around
today. They sound like my niece in Scarsdale. I love my niece in
Scarsdale, but I won't buy tickets to see her act.

Truth is like the sun. 
You can shut it out for a time, but it ain't goin' away.

We were broke, man, broke and we left for Memphis overnight.

The gospel is really what we grew up with more than anything else. 
It's just a part of you, If you think about it.

Man, if i could ever get people to talk about me 
the way they talk about Liberace, I would really have it made.

Those people (critics) ain't gonna change me none.

I lived my whole life just for you.  
Oh God! Everything I have is gone.

I don't sing like nobody; I don't sound like nobody.

I'd like to have the ability of James Dean, 
but I'd never compare myself to James Dean.

I don't feel like I'm doin' anything wrong.

Well sir, you got to accept the bad along with the good.  
I know that I'm doin the best I can.

I have not sold my soul to the devil. It's only music!

Sure, Colonel.  Whatever you say's okay with me.

I thought it was supposed to get easier but its gettin' worse. 
I hate havin' to read what people write about me. I just hate it.

The colored folks been singing and playin' it just like I'm doing now
man, for more years than I know. Nobody paid it no mind until I goosed
it up. I got it from them.  I used to hear Arthur Crudup bang his box
the way I do now and I said if I ever got to the place where I could
feel all old Arthur felt I'd be a music man like nobody ever saw.

My first love is spiritual music, some of the old colored spirituals from 
way back. I know practically every religious song that's ever been written.

All I want is to be treated as a regular G.I. I want to do my duty and
I'm mighty proud to be given the opportunity to serve my country.

The image is one thing and being a human being is another. 
It's very hard to live up to an image, put it that way.

I've always liked challenges.  
I like to prove I'm better than I was yesterday.

You can't fool yourself or the public for very long.

Ya gotta sell what ya feel. That's success man!

I know what poverty is.  I lived it for a long time. 
I am not ashamed of my background.

Somebody once called me a sissy cause I was polite. 
There's a man in 'manners'.

Gossip is little talk for little minds.

I want to be a good actor because you can't build a whole career on just singing.

Rock and roll music is basically gospel rhythm and blues, or it sprang
from that and people have been adding things to it experimenting with it.

That woman was the one who had faith. She was the one who pushed me.  
Marion did it for me.

I happened to come along at a time in the music buisness when there
was no trend. I was lucky.  The people were looking for something
different I came along just in time.

Lonesome? I am and I was.

It's more important to believe in God than going to church.

If your head gets too big it'll break your neck.

When I was a boy I was the hero in comic books and movies. I grew up
believing in a dream. Now I've lived it out. That's all a man can ask for.

I'd rather be angry than bored.

You can love someone and be wrong for them.

The only time I feel alive is when I'm in front of an audience, my people.

Dreams tell us truths the we've got to be smart enough to interpret.

(Elvis wore a Christian cross, a star of David, and a Hebrew chi) 
I don't want to miss out on heaven because of a technicality!

If ya hate another human being you're hatin' a part of yourself.

I withdraw not from my fans but from myself.

Life is more than just drawin' breath.

Love makes crowds disappear when you're with someone.

I'm not a king, God is king. I'm just a singer.

Animals dont hate and we're supposed to be better than them.

I like my meat well done.  I ain't orderin' a pet.

Long after I'm gone what I did today will be heard by someone. 
I just want them to get the best of of what I had.

Ah just act the way ah feel. 

Thank you.  Thank you very much.

For what is a man, what has he got? 
If not himself, then he has naught. 
To say the things he truly feels, 
and not the words of one who kneels. 

Since my baby left me, I've found a new place to dwell, 
down at the end of Lonely Street at Heartbreak Hotel. 

Take my hand, take my whole life too, 
but I can't help falling in love with you. 

When I first saw you with your smile so tender, 
my heart was captured, my soul surrendered.

I'm left, you're right, and she's gone. 
You're right, and I'm left all alone. 

I go for all the belles, except the wedding kind.

You're so square, baby, I don't care.

I'm evil, my middle name is misery.  
Well, I'm evil, so don't mess around with me.

Fame and fortune, how empty they can be.

There's no job too immense, when you got confidence.

We're trapped in a world that's troubled with pain. 
As long as a man has the strength to dream, he can redeem his soul and fly. 

You've got to follow that dream, wherever that dream may lead. 

The child needs a helping hand or he'll grow up to be an angry young man some day. 

Honey, you lied when you said you loved me and I have no cause to doubt you.  
But I'd much rather going on hearing your lies than go on living without you. 

I would beg and steal just to feel your heart beating close to mine.

I'll be a fool or a wiseman, my darling, you hold the key. 
Anyway you want me, that's how I will be. 

You can knock me down, step on my face, slander my name all over the place. 
Do anything that you want to do, but uh-oh, honey, lay off of my shoes. 

You do all the living, while I do all the giving, cause I love you too much.

If you bring a friend into your love affair, that's the end of your sweetheart, 
that's the end of your friend, that's when your heartache begins.

I look at you and wham, I'm head over heels. 
I guess that love is like a banana peel. 

Love is a thing you never can share.

The road to love is full of danger signs.

In my beach shack, we'll be alone. 
In my beach shack, I'll make you feel at home.

You don't like hot rod racing or driving late at night,
you just want to park where it's nice and dark. 

I love only one girl, one in every town.

Life has taught me one big lesson, always keep the girlies guessing. 

She's wearing a ring that I bought on sale, 
and that makes her the property of this U.S. Male.

My mama she done told me, Papa done told me, too. 
Son, that girl you're fooling with, she ain't no good for you.

What's the good of reaching 90, if you waste 89?

He holds his guitar like a Tommy gun.

Big boss man, can't you hear me when I call? 
You ain't so big, you're just tall.

I have conquered the world, all but one thing did I have. 
Without love, I had nothing.

If you talk in your sleep, don't mention my name. 

If you walk in your sleep, forget where you came.

Some guys fall in love with one girl, I gotta fall for two.

When we're dancing it almost feels the same, 
I've got to stop myself from whispering your name.

When you find your true love in the arms of your best friend, brother,
that's when your heartache begins.

Number 47 said to number 3, you're the cutest jailbird I ever did see.

I forgot to remember to forget.

The man who can sing when he hasn't got a thing, 
he's the king of the whole wide world. 

The walls have ears, ears that hear 
each little sound you make 
every time you stamp, throw a lamp.

We can't build our dreams on suspicious minds.

You can do anything, but don't step on my blue suede shoes. 

Didja ever get one of them girls who just wants to watch the show? 

Her little sister will tell you she don't live here anymore. 

Little sister, don't you do what your big sister done. 

One night of sin is what I'm now paying for. 

Take your troubles to the Chapel, get down on your knees and pray. 
Your burdens will be lighter, and you'll surely find the way.

You're just a natural beehive, filled with honey to the top. 
Well, I ain't greedy baby, all I want is all you got. 

I don't want to be a tiger, tigers play too rough. 
I don't want to be a lion, cause lions ain't the kind you love up. 

I never kissed a bear, I've never kissed a goon, 
but I can shake a chicken in the middle of a room. 

I saw three shrimp in the water, two were old and grey. I swam a
little closer, and I heard the third one say, good-bye Mama.

Live each day, as if it we're your last. 
It's written in the stars, your destiny is cast. 

Love had surely made us all and hate would surely make us fall. 

Never wait for tomorrow, what if tomorrow never comes? 

Well I thought my pickin' would set them on fire, 
but nobody wanted to hire a guitar man.

All the stars will tell the story, of our love and all its glory. 
Let us make this night of magic and make it a night of love.

Don't leave my embrace for here in my arms is your place. 

Don't want a four leaf clover, don't want an old horse shoe. 
I want your kiss, cause I just can't miss with a good luck charm like you.

I've spent a life time waiting for the right time, 
now that you're near, the time is here at last. 

Memories, pressed between the pages of my mind. 
Memories, sweetened through the ages just like wine. 

She touched my hand what a chill I got, 
her lips are like a volcano that's hot. 

Someone said that the world is a stage and we must each play a part. 
Fate had me playing in love with you as my sweetheart. 

Sun lights up the daytime, moon lights up the night. 
My eyes light up when you call my name, cause I know you're gonna treat me right. 

When we kiss my heart's on fire, burning with a strange desire. 
And I know that Every time I kiss you that your heart's on fire, too.

Make me feel at home, if you really care, 
scratch my back and run your pretty fingers through my hair.

Once I catch you and the kissing starts, a team of wild horses couldn't tear us apart.

Blacko-oxy-tonic phosphate, it's the latest scoop. 
But that's alright girls, you can call it goop.

I feel my temperature rising. Help me, I'm flaming, I must be a hundred and nine.

Nine and nine makes fourteen, four and four makes nine. 
The clock is striking thirteen, I think I've lost my mind.

Do the Clam, do the Clam, grab your barefoot baby by the hand.

Hey buddy, don't you be no square, 
if you can't find a partner use a wooden chair. 

There's no room to Rhumba in a sports car. 

"How can you lose something you never had?", I tell myself when I'm feeling sad.

If you cry when you're in love, it sure ain't no mistake.

If you cry when you're in love, it sure ain't no disgrace.

Baby, let's play house.

I wonder if you are you lonesome tonight?

Now you got me started, don't you leave me broken hearted.

Your lips excite me, let your arms invite me, 
for who knows when, we'll meet again this way. 

There were times, I'm sure you knew, when I bit off more than I could chew. 
But through it all, when there was doubt, I ate it up and spit it out.

I'm lonely like Adam and you're evil like Eve.

Samson told Delilah, loud and clear, 
keep your cotton pickin' fingers out of my curly hair.

C'mon, let's get real, real gone.

Now and then, there's a fool such as I.

A little less fight and a little more spark, 
close your mouth and open your heart.

The walls have ears, better think before you throw that shoe.

Then came Act II, you seemed to change and acted strange, 
and why I'll never know.

Hey little girl, I'd like to take you home. 
Come on, come on, come on, I want you for my very own.

I use to pull your pig tails and pinch your turned up nose. 
But you been a-growin', and baby it's been showin' 
from your head down to your toes.

On a cold and grey Chicago morning another little baby child is born
in the ghetto, and his Mama cries.

When you get down to the nitty gritty, isn't it a pity that in this big city 
not one little bitty man will admit that he could have been a little wrong. 

I can't help falling in love with you.

Are you lonesome tonight?

Don't be cruel.

Don't be cruel to a heart that's true.

Fools rush in where angels fear to tread.

Fool!  You didn't have to hurt her!

Fool!  You didn't have to lose her!

Fool!  You could have made her love you!

Wise men say, "Only fools rush in."

Shall I stay?  Would it be a sin?

You ain't nuthin' but a hound dog, cryin' all the time!

You ain't never caught a rabbit and you ain't no friend of mine!

They said you was high class; that was just a lie!

Like a river flows, surely to the sea, 
darling, so it goes, some things are meant to be.

Love me tender, love me sweet.  Never let me go.
You have made my life complete, and I love you so.

Love me tender, love me true.  All my dreams fulfil.
For my darling, I love you, and I always will.

Love me tender, love me long.  Take me to your heart.
For it's there that I belong, and will never part.

Love me tender, love me dear.  Tell me you are mine.
I'll be yours though all the years, till the end of time.

Be my little good luck charm. 

Hard headed woman, soft headed man, been the cause of trouble ever
since the world began.

Everybody, let's rock!

Trailers for sale or rent; rooms to let 50¢.  
No phone, no pool, no pets.  Ain't got no cigarettes.

I'm a man of means, by no means; king of the road.

I gave a letter to the postman.  He put it in his sack.
But early next morning, he brought my letter back.

Return to sender
Address unknown
No such number
No such zone

I'm a steamroller, baby, about to roll all over you
I'm a steamroller, baby, about to roll all over you
I'm gonna inject your soul, with some sweet rock and roll
and shoot you full of rhythm and blues

I'm a cement mixer, a churnin' urn of burnin' funk
I'm a cement mixer, a churnin' urn of burnin' funk
I'm a demolition derby
hefty hunk of steamin' junk

I'm a napalm bomb, guaranteed to blow your mind
I'm a napalm bomb, guaranteed to blow your mind
If I can't have your love, my baby
won't be nothin' left behind

Why don't you swing down, sweet chariot, stop and let me ride?

Baby, let me be your lovin' teddy bear
Put a chain around my neck, and lead me anywhere
oh, let me be
your teddy bear

I just wanna be your teddy bear.

When I walk through that door, baby be polite!

Don't you ever kiss me once, kiss me twice.

Treat me nice.

I know you've been told, it's not fair to tease

If you don't behave, I'll walk right out on you!

If you wan't my lovin', take my advice:  treat me nice.

Bright light city, gonna set my soul on fire!  Viva Los Vegas!

How I wish that there was more than 24 hours in the day! 
Even if there were 40 more, I wouldn't sleep a minute away!

One for the money, two for the show, three to get ready, now go cat go!
But don't you step on my blue suede shoes.

Won't you wear my ring around your neck?

They say that going steady is not the proper thing
They say that we're too young to know the meaning of a ring

You don't have to say you love me just be close at hand.

You don't have to stay forever, I will understand.

Believe me, believe me.

You look like an angel, walk like an angel, talk like an angel,
but I got wise... you're the devil in disguise!

You fooled me with your kisses, you cheated and you schemed!
Heaven knows how you lied to me...  you're not the way you seemed!

I thought that I was in heaven, but I was sure surprised.
Heaven help me, I didn't see the devil in your eyes!

You're the devil in disguise!

